Killvearn: Meanwhile...
I will take care of the mage.
Do you think we
finish him this time?
Killvearn: Oh, of course.
Hadlar already took
care of the Hero.
The mage may be
a smaller fish,
but I'd lose some of my
reputation if I let him go.
Why, you...
Bring it on.
I'm willing to fight until the
very last breath, you hear me?
Killvearn: [mocking chuckle]
That's right. You have
to avenge Dai, don't you?
He's gone because he tried
to rescue you, after all.
Popp [thought]: He's right.
Dai came all this
way to protect me.
All because of
my recklessness.
If I lose now,
fighting this guy,
then who's going
to rescue him?
Matoriv: The Mage must
always be the most focused
and level-headed
member of their party.
Popp [thought]:
I remember, Mentor...
But... what can I do with the
little Magic Power I have left?
The best thing I can do
for Dai right now, is...
Killvearn: Come
on now, little Mage.
Show me what you're made of.
Hey!
Popp [thought]: All I can
do is run as far as I can...
and let everyone
know what happened.
Killvearn: A wise
choice, I guess.
I thought a little provoking
would get him to lose his cool.
No!
Killvearn: Got you!
Popp: Crocodine!
Killvearn: Oh, interesting.
Another member of the
Hero's party that can fly.
Piroro: The Beast King's here!
Killvearn: Indeed he is.
Crocodine: Beast
King Redemption Blast!
Killvearn: You've
got to be kidding me.
The brave Breast King
Crocodine just up and ran away?
I've never let a target
escape me twice before.
That boy is beginning
to irritate me.
Popp: Crocodine...
Are you okay?
Popp: I... I...
I didn't want to
abandon Dai and run.
But... there was
nothing else I could do.
I didn't have a choice!
Crocodine: I know.
You wouldn't have run away-
unless the situation
you were faced with...
Was truly dire.
So then I ran, as well.
I know the sort
of man that you are.
[sobbing]
We should return to Papnica.
Mystvearn: Is it done?
Hadlar: No. I doubt
he's unharmed,
but my Ultra
Combustion Slash
didn't succeed
in finding its mark.
Dai focused all
of his remaining power
into some kind
of counterattack,
and managed to
defend himself from
what should have been
a fatal blow by my hand.
The boy has
remarkable instincts,
and an unyielding
will to fight!
The only explanation
would be that
there's a millenia's
worth of battle
infused into the blood
of the Dragon Knights.
And the attack he used
was none other than...
Gigabreak.
He had clearly
never used it before,
and its power was weak...
but there's no
mistaking that it was
the attack of General Baran.
Hadlar: Dai may say
he rejects his father,
but it appears Baran's shadow
holds a great influence
over him even still.
Like father like son.
[chuckling]
It's not over yet, Hero.
Otherwise,
I may question why I
bothered becoming a monster.
Chiu: You idiot!
You hopeless fool!
Stop it, Chiu!
Come here!
You spineless coward!
Chiu: You know, I was
actually beginning to think
that maybe you weren't
such a bad guy after all-
And then you had to
do something reckless
and put Dai in
danger in the process!
You call yourself
a friend of the Hero?!
I'm sorry, Chiu.
Popp: I know...
There's no excuse
for what I did.
This is all my fault.
Chiu: Apologizing
won't fix anything!
Hyunckel: Chiu, was it?
Try to forgive him.
Maam: Hyunckel...
It's not his fault.
He did what he thought
was right in the moment.
And I don't think you
can imagine the guilt...
he's already dealing with.
Popp. Go get yourself
patched up...
then maybe get some rest.
Hey - don't talk
to me like I'm a kid!
I would rather take the
worst beating of my life
than listen to your sympathy!
Hyunckel: Crocodine, you'll
have to search for Dai.
Right. I've got it covered.
Popp: What?
Leona: He probably
fell in the ocean somewhere
northwest of Orzam.
You must hurry.
Popp: Hey!
Dai's no normal boy.
I'm certain that he lives.
Hey, you there. Rat.
Crocodine: I've got room
for someone your size.
Can you make yourself useful?
Of course! How wise
of you to ask.
Hey - wait! Let me come, too!
Where we're going
it'll take a bit of courage!
Popp: Who does he-
It's not fair!
You can't search
if you can't fly.
And I doubt you have the
Magic Power right now to do so.
Are you kidding me?!
I can't just leave
this to them-
Dai's lost because of me.
P-Princess, please...
Is there something I can do...
You've got to know
some kind of spell
that can restore
my Magic Power, right?!
I've never heard
of such a spell.
Oh, maybe...
Lady Amy - didn't I give
you and the other Troika
an item with the ability
to do something like that?
Amy: Yes, Your Highness.
I believe Marin has it.
That's it!
Somebody's all fired up.
You talked to him
like that on purpose,
am I right, Hyunckel?
I had a feeling it'd
be a bit more effective
than yelling at
him for a while.
Healing from wounds inflicted
by a Dark Aura takes time.
While I'm stuck in bed,
I need him out there
working to get better.
I need him on his feet.
Dealing with Popp
is kind of like
dealing with a pet,
or something, isn't it?
He's not the most reliable.
[chuckling]
-Popp: Please!
-Marin: Stop!
-Marin...
-Fine. You can have some!
-I'm begging you please!
-Okay? Now let go!
-Popp: Come on! You have to...
-I said yes. Let go!
Huh?
[furious shriek]
Well, looks like he's coming.
[proud chuckle]
You bet he is.
He's worried that
with me around
there won't be any room
in the party for him.
[chuckling]
Popp [thought]:
Hold on, Dai.
I promise - I'm going
to rescue you.
Leona: Are you sure
that's a good idea?
Once we're certain
that Dai is safe,
it's time to invade the Dark
Army's stronghold to the north.
But...
Hyunckel: With the Sovereign
Rock Castle destroyed...
There's only three
things in our way.
Hadlar, Mystvearn,
and Killvearn the Reaper.
The battle with King
Vearn is drawing near.
Leona: Right here.
We can assume that
the Dark King's base
is somewhere in
the Field of Death.
King Volken: Everyone,
what is our course of action?
I agree with the
Disciples of Avan.
We should invade as
soon as we are able to.
But what do you think we could
achieve with a direct offensive?
I doubt that we can
defeat all of them.
But if we can take down even
one of their commanders,
it will bring us that
much closer to stopping
the Dark King Vearn
once and for all.
Very well, then.
The day has come for us
to unite all of the
human kingdoms at last.
What say you to that,
my fellow leaders?
Yes.
King Romos: King
Bengarna, do you object?
I have no objections
to a direct attack, but...
I do believe we'd need that
boy if we are to succeed.
Do you mean Dai, Your Grace?
King Bengarna: That's right.
I've been focused
on weapons and arms,
but when I saw
him wield that blade,
I was honestly in awe.
Heroes truly are powerful.
I must say my heart was truly
pounding the entire time.
I'm amazed to see you
admit it, your Majesty,
you were as giddy as
a little boy back there.
Princess Leona, if he is
indeed successfully rescued,
I promise to help
however I can.
I know they'll find him.
Dai's friends are conducting
a full-on search effort
in the northern
ocean even as we speak.
Isn't that a little close
to the enemy stronghold?
King Teran:
If memory serves,
the Field of Death
is a dreadful place
that even wild
animals won't approach.
Perhaps it's because
they can sense
the Dark King's
evil presence there.
Leona [thought]:
Please be okay, Dai.
Popp: I'm not giving up
until I find you.
This might take us a while.
Hadlar: So, it's time
to face King Vearn.
But Mystvearn, I never
confirmed the boy's defeat.
In actual fact, I'm almost
certain he's still alive.
I haven't wiped out
the Hero or his friends-
despite my orders, I could
not keep my promise.
It would be right to say
that I've failed our king.
It's possible that I'll
be executed on the spot.
That's why I'll say it now.
I used to shun you for
your mysterious nature,
but now I'm grateful to you.
Of all the six
Legion Commanders,
it's possible that you
were the most sincere.
Underneath that mask
of silence you wear,
I can't help but
sense a fiery soul.
Mystvearn: Hadlar...
Hadlar: I can now face my
end with my head held high.
Thank you.
Killvearn: Oh,
don't be so dramatic.
Your power has grown immense-
he's sure to be impressed.
It'll be anticlimactic,
but he'll commend
you and that'll be it.
Zaboera: He'll commend us?
Well, his transformation was
thanks to my research after all.
Zaboera: Huh?!
What about me?
Hadlar: King Vearn,
I await your sentence.
-Oh!
Killvearn: Uh-oh.
Vearn: At ease, you two.
Today, my heart feels
bright and clear.
Like the sun shining
through the clouds above.
My face has never been
seen by anyone but you two.
But, I believe revealing
it to Hadlar is the best way
to express my sincere approval
of his ongoing efforts.
Vearn: What is wrong?
Does this ancient,
haggard face surprise you?
Are y-you...
Indeed. I am Vearn.
The Dark one... King Vearn.
Hadlar [thought]:
Is this truly the man
that I've feared
for all these years?!
There is an immense
pressure to him.
There's no mistaking that
it is the same presence
I felt through that thin veil.
But he's so incredibly old...
Does he really possess
the power of a god
of the Underworld?
That frail neck...
Now, as a Superior Being,
it would be nothing
for me to snap it!
Would you care
to try it, Hadlar?
[shocked gasp]
My King, forgive me.
Fear not.
I've always liked that about
you, my Darkling friend.
That boundless spirit,
and a heart which
believes only in the power
that strength brings.
Your recent behavior has
been rather uncharacteristic.
Seeing that spirit rekindled
within you puts me at ease.
Hadlar [thought]: I'm a fool
for thinking I could beat him.
He is truly worlds beyond me.
Vearn: As I had hoped, you've
broken free of your shell.
Your power is now almost
in league with my own.
I hereby rescind
my previous order.
Vearn: I would like you to
continue your duties by my side,
for the foreseeable future.
Hadlar: If I may speak,
my Dark King.
Understand that it
pains me to say this
after you have granted
me such mercy...
but there is something that
I still wish to accomplish...
before I am reinstated
as Dark Commander.
Do you mean the Hero?
Yes. I wish to destroy
Dai and Avan's disciples-
even if it were to
truly mean the end of me.
That is my one final
request, Your Majesty.
It is the only
desire I have left.
[chuckling]
There's no need for
such formalities.
The Hero and his allies
are still the largest
threat to my dark army.
What objection
could I possibly have
to their defeat
at your hand?
The Six Legions have fallen from
what they once were, I see.
It seems unnecessary
to have someone
of your stature
commanding them.
So, Mystvearn; you
will take his place.
Mystvearn: Yes, sire.
Vearn: Hadlar, you will
protect the Field of Death.
Surely you cannot
object to that?
If Dai has survived,
then it is only a
matter of time before
he and his friends
attack this place...
Thinking that
they can end this.
My king... I shall obey you.
Killvearn: And what would you
have me do, your eminence?
Vearn: You will maintain
your current role.
Killvearn: Very good, sire.
[evil chuckle]
I suppose the Reaper's
scythe must be kept swinging.
What was that?!
Why haven't they mentioned
anything about me?!
Zaboera: My
Mystic Legion and I
are still in
fighting shape...
And they're all acting
like the great Zaboera
doesn't even exist anymore!
Why did I bother
sucking up to Hadlar and
the other Legion Commanders
if this was to be my prize?!
I have to do something
to distinguish myself
to make King Vearn
finally acknowledge me!
And to do that...
Dai [thought]: What...
what happened to me?
Where am I?
In the ice?
I can't move.
My wounds haven't healed.
How did I survive like this?
I see. You protected me.
It's warm. You kept me from
being frozen in the ice.
[gasp]
A crack!
Did Hadlar's attack cause that?
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
You've taken damage
that was meant for me.
And you've been
protecting me all this time.
I have to get out of here!
Vearn: So tell me,
would you like to have
some more servants
at your disposal?
Huh?
Vearn: The game of
chess is quite profound.
It is often thought to
be a human game, you see,
but in actual fact it
was originally invented
eons ago by the
gods themselves.
The beauty of chess
is in efficiently using
the five types of pieces
with differing abilities
to protect the one king.
The pawn moves forward
to defeat its enemies.
The knight leaps eight ways,
striking from above.
The rook charges
horizontally or vertically
to decimate its foes.
The bishop glides
diagonally like a phantom...
And finally,
possessing the abilities
of both rook and bishop,
the queen is the
most powerful piece.
That sound. Is it actually...
Are those pieces
made out of...
Orichalcum?!
That they are.
How very observant of you.
Vearn: You can
have those five pieces.
I haven't had anyone to play
with in a long time anyways.
If you use the Forbidden Magic
you created Flazzard with,
and transform them
into the ultimate force
that serves you
as their king...
Wouldn't that make for
an interesting game, hmm?
[screeching]
He's around here.
I'm sure of it.
I know that Dai's nearby.
Narrator: Popp's party scours
the frigid seas for Dai,
but Zaboera interferes,
possessed with the desire to
gain his master's recognition.
When the two sides clash,
the Mystic Bishop unleashes
a terrifying Super Spell.
And as the battle within the
glacier reaches its crescendo,
a mysterious shining
warrior appears.
Don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Orichalcum Warrior".